I'm here with the amazing Mark Leen.
and we're going to do a quick
sort of Blind Boys of Alabama gospel song.
What do you think about that, camera person?
Fantastic.
Here we go.
There is a house in New Orleans
They call the Rising Sun.
And it's been the ruin of many a poor boy
And God, I know I'm  one.
My mother was a tailor
NOTE Through many dangers, toils, and snares.
She sewed my new blue jeans,
My father was a gamblin' man.
Down in New Orleans.
Oh, Brother,  tell your children
not to do what I have done,
spend your lives in sin and misery
In a house they call the Rising sun.
And there is a house in New Orleans.
they call the Rising Sun
And it's been the ruin, of many a poor boy,
and God I know I'm one.
Yes, God I know I'm one.
Well done, Mark.